Refactor/jl (#3)
Ada-Developers-Academy/core-about-ada: being-an-adie/assignments.md

# Assignments

Assignments at Ada come in two different forms, projects and problem sets.

## Projects

> - Logistics: Projects will be assigned at various points during the curriculum.   Projects generally last a week and can be individual, pair or group projects.

Reviewer: Pointing out accidnetal three spaces

```suggestion
- Logistics: Projects will be assigned at various points during the curriculum.  Projects generally last a week and can be individual, pair or group projects.
```

- Submission: Projects are submitted through Learn and will be auto-evaluated against a set of tests when they are submitted.  
- Feedback on projects will come in two forms:
    - Your 1:1 instructor will do a code review on your submission and discuss their feedback at your next 1:1 meeting.
    - Green/Yellow/Red in Learn
        - Green
            - You have met or exceeded the major learning goals for this project; there is evidence that the produced code shows enough understanding
        - Yellow
            - You approached meeting the major learning goals for this project; to the grader, there is evidence that the produced code shows some understanding, and shows evidence that not all major learning goals were met
        - Red
            - You did not meet the major learning goals for this project; there is evidence that most major learning goals were not met, the progress on the project shows need for support on completion, quality, or both; the project is broken and not running

## Problem Sets

- Logistics: Problem sets are found at the end of most topics in Learn.  Problem sets are designed to help you practice the content from the topic and are required.  

> - Submission: You will work through the problem set in Learn.  They are auto-evaluated and no additional submission is required.  Problem sets are expected to be completed **two days** after the end of the topic on the calendar and will be reivewed by your 1:1 instructor at that time.

Author: ```suggestion
- Submission: You will work through the problem set in Learn.  They are auto-evaluated and no additional submission is required.  Problem sets should be attempted on the day their topic is assigned. We will generally review them in the next morning's roundtable. Problem sets are expected to be completed **two days** after the end of the topic on the calendar and will be checked for completion by your 1:1 instructor at that time.
```
